src/app/code/core/Mage/Adminhtml/                                               app/code/core/Mage/Adminhtml/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/main.xml                        app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/main.xml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/promo.xml                       app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/promo.xml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/search.xml                      app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/search.xml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/access_denied.phtml           app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/access_denied.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/empty.phtml                   app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/empty.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/forgotpassword.phtml          app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/forgotpassword.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/formkey.phtml                 app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/formkey.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/login.phtml                   app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/login.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/overlay_popup.phtml           app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/overlay_popup.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/page.phtml                    app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/page.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/popup.phtml                   app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/popup.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/resetforgottenpassword.phtml  app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/resetforgottenpassword.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/dashboard/                    app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/dashboard/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/email/                        app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/email/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/notification/                 app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/notification/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/permissions/                  app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/permissions/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/promo/                        app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/promo/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/store/                        app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/store/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/system/                       app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/system/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/urlrewrite/                   app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/urlrewrite/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/openmage/layout/local.xml                      app/design/adminhtml/default/openmage/layout/local.xml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/openmage/template/forgotpassword.phtml         app/design/adminhtml/default/openmage/template/forgotpassword.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/openmage/template/login.phtml                  app/design/adminhtml/default/openmage/template/login.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/openmage/template/resetforgottenpassword.phtml app/design/adminhtml/default/openmage/template/resetforgottenpassword.phtml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/page/                         app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/page/
src/app/etc/modules/Mage_Adminhtml.xml                                          app/etc/modules/Mage_Adminhtml.xml
src/app/locale/en_US/Mage_Adminhtml.csv                                         app/locale/en_US/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
src/app/locale/en_US/template/email/admin_new_user_notification.html            app/locale/en_US/template/email/admin_new_user_notification.html
src/app/locale/en_US/template/email/admin_password_reset_confirmation.html      app/locale/en_US/template/email/admin_password_reset_confirmation.html
